Meeting Date: 15/11/2013
Meeting Location: Swansea University, Callaghan Building Cafe

Present: Adam Barrell, Lewis Hancock, Chris Lewis, Thomas Milner, John Ashley

Discussed the purchase of a development tablet for the team.

John suggested the Tesco Hudl - team agreed. John is purchasing the Hudl for the next meeting.

Team asked John a list of prepared questions to help define requirements:

Q: Who will be editing data through the web portal? (App Users/Historians)
	A: All users who have registered an account.
	
Q: Are app users allowed to create and modify their own walks/waypoints?
	A: Yes.
	
Q: What do you mean by ‘Improve usability of the trails engine’? are you referring to the backend (database/code) or the user interface? 
	A: He means the user interface.
	
Q: What do you mean by “create a separate app to collect data including GPS waypoints etc.?” isn’t this the responsibility of the web portal?

	A: Separate app is a bad idea, waypoints should be tagged through the main app and edited through the web portal where more information can be added.
	
Q: Perhaps the digital trails app allows users to quickly tag a GPS location and give it a name, but must edit the info later through the portal? I don’t like the idea of having a separate app to collect this type of data, users might find it awkward to keep switching apps.
	A: Yes John agrees and likes this idea.
	
Q: What kind of ‘distinctive branding’ for the user interface have you got in mind?
	A: Companies who create their own walks may feature their logo on their walk pages but John will provide White Rock logos for the main app interface.
	
Q: The web portal itself needs way more in terms of requirements. i.e. how do we want this data inputted, in what format etc. We should also wireframe it ASAP.

	A: John says how the portal is designed can be up to us, however it should give users complete control over their walks.
	
Q: What are our specific, separate requirements from the other group?
	A: Our own discussions with John will yield different requirements from the other group.
	
Q: Are we getting a designer to do the UI assets? It would look a lot more professional than our terrible paint skills.
	A: No but we are capable of creating a consistent and usable design which is the main thing.
	
Q: Currently has to compile using android 5.0 or higher, isn’t this asking a bit much? Not everyone can get or will get Android updates.
	A: Yes we should look into this and make the application compatible with at least Android 2.2.




